In order to send email from HP.
First you need access to a mail server.
As we learnt early on in this course a web server sends our service web pages so to have a website you
need a web server to serve the pages.
A mail server sends emails an email message is sent to the server and the server sends that message
to the recipient's inbox so to send an email.
You need a mail server.
Mail servers are also referred to as S M T P servers S M T P is to mail servers what H T T P is to websites.
S m p r.
Simple mail transfer protocol is the protocol used to send emails.
So how do we get access to a mail server.
You can configure axe samp for example with a mail server so that you can send email using local host.
But I wouldn't recommend it as it can be difficult to set up.
If you have a web mail account like g mail for example then you can use the mail server provided with
that.
With G mail.
The address of the mail server is s empty.
P g mail dot com.
Be aware though that with g mail.
In order to send email from a script you need to allow less secure apps to access your account by following
the instructions here.
Alternatively you can sign up for an account on an email service like mail go in mail trap.
Amazon for example.
There are many services available if you have a web hosting accounts then that probably includes access
to email server too.
To use a mail server you need three basic pieces of data.
The address of the server or the host which is normally the mail or assignment P subdomain of the main
domain.
The user name which is most often the email address of the account you are going to use and the password
you'll get these from your service provider.